come
Let's take out our mobile phones and record them for the people who are afraid of it.
Oh, dear.
second uncle
That's all
Do you know why you lost to Xiaotian back then?
He also stole his wife from Xiaodi
Because you are so useless
Humph these bastards
How dare you do this to my dad
Please drive faster.
I must preserve the inheritance I left to my daughter
And the dignity of my daughter
Hey.
Ouch, what a wimp!
Give him a chance. He's useless.
He can be of any use
Can my wife be stolen by Taro Takahashi?
said
Sorry.
Dad is useless
The last house and heaven and earth could not be preserved
Useless old thing
You, get down on the ground
guarantee
Stop! Don't tell me